I consider myself to be a fit person oh
but what does that even mean well in my
opinion there are four maybe five
pillars of Fitness there's speed
endurance strength
and my favorite which of course is
flexibility and there's definitely an
argument that balance is a part of it
but I feel like that's something you
gain when you train everything else as
well
I'm definitely not the strongest and not
the fastest
and I for sure run out of breath and
before somebody says it I'm not the most
flexible either but I do have a balance
between the pillows that I'm very proud
of and I'm improving every day and my
mission is to show the world that
flexibility is just as important as
those other skills stay flexy